c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus\energy.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus\energy_bonus.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus\hp.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus\laser.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus\laser_rl.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Bonus\meteor.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Enemy\enemy.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Enemy\eshot.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameProcess\full_back.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameProcess\game_over.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameProcess\hit.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\exit.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\menu.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\sound.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\start.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\start1.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Player\front.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Player\left.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Player\right.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Player\shot.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\MenuFont.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\NewSpriteFont.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Music\main_theme.xnb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\GalaxyInvanders.exe
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\GalaxyInvanders.pdb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\obj\x86\Debug\GalaxyInvanders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\obj\x86\Debug\GalaxyInvanders.exe
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\obj\x86\Debug\GalaxyInvanders.pdb
c:\users\slukashov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Music\main_theme.wma
c:\Users\SLukashov\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\GalaxyInvanders\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameProcess\hit1.xnb
